Wendy don't know who's on yoga night
after all you know that yeah the
authorities including abysmally if you
do make a next record is there a sound
or any style you haven't tried yet if
you would like to try there's plenty
that we haven't tried yet I'm very
open-minded I think all of us listen to
a lot of different types of music I my
taste is very wide you know I like a lot
of different types of music I still want
to pin myself into what I want to do
next gen I think the most important
thing for me to get inspired is to have
a totally open mind so once we get home
you know get a little rest and you start
to listen to music and get really
inspired you know and I don't know it's
hard to say i would just totally open
minded ENT SE que cuanto zuniga steelo
see my importante para ella es tener la
mente abierta y heridas Apple quiero
tipo de su Nido I yet elos pero de nuevo
no tienen un gran especifico para lo que
seria el siente rico lo que ella piensa
hacer por ejemplo es Raton are a codicil
a har save over a couch are música por
que en cuanto still owes a le gusta todo
tipo de musica por que segun ella es el
secreto de terre elementa be aired on
todo ET logo para apreciar tonette alone
about what I might do there is a go okay
they quote me on that it's like she's
making a whatever I don't have a plan no
plan hate plans when we vamos con el
sendero jimenez el dia de la mesa hola
que tal el su última conciertos esteban
terminando el repertório con man my
inmortal despues de her own show the
rope potent elección de una bala
intimate part including so confer toss
lightly you were close your shows with
my important and the question is why
choosing my mortal which is a very
intimate you know valid after a very
powerful rupture that's why to me it's
it's kind of a special moment not kind
of it is it's a very special moment
between the fans and us and it makes me
remember all of our history you know and
all we've been through as a band and all
I've been through and all we've been
through with our fans and just a lot of
good feelings you know it's sort of like
a perfect goodbye hey no hecho que putas
mente por que me importa day Constantine
tomita es la razón por la cual SE ratio
porque no solamente pure Tenente por el
tema sino por lo que representante man
see I represent a sentiment o que
refleja por ejemplo
en la mano Hurley de policía todavía no
actually I actually scan a question is
here in questo because first of all he
says that you're not the most beautiful
woman in the universe that you look
prettier even life than any photo or
video he's so around and his request is
for the man with a tattoo harmed by the
way he's very scary Isis if he could
kiss your hairy Boston he says no hands
okay
muchas gracias where babosa an idea
Montanaro una canal Emile kilómetros mr
so hi guys welcome to aragon ok my name
is Antonia I'm from a TV show called
thousand kilometres from the sea and my
first question yeah I have to glory my
first question goes out for the guys
you're practically immune to the band so
she's has been a long time it's been
almost a decade ok so how are you
leaving um sorry I'm so sorry good how r
power you don't film so far and like to
wring out why you like through the dream
we're pretty close to the end
has been living the dream for years you
know like
rápido through what's here you all it's
it's been fun of me that's been I'm sure
when it stops November that will look
back on it remember a lot of things that
we forgotten along the way it because
it's just been crazy particularly the
last two years we had that little time
of a hiatus call it the last two years
has been pretty intense and awesome you
know there's always ups and downs and
touring and things like this but you
know I think once established most of us
are going to remember a lot of the good
stuff mostly because there's been a lot
it's been a lot of fun it's a
double-edged sword it's stopping you
know because on one hand it's amazing
but on the other hand either been going
a while so need a little break get some
laughs yeah put your feet back down
around it so
I used funniest
no it is all one day yeah that a drink
will storyteller he's got a lot of great
stories tim is sarcastic man we all get
a little slice of that dro is Leah had
begun always very big risk my no le
she's very mellow letter Porteous en la
sega la pregunta en el que se siente por
ejemplo ser un miembro levanta tano nov
10 yo no para que haciendo hiroin
compartiendo vida SI como yo que la vean
r lo sé que como perder n Sein riveda no
estan muy balapur DNC ahora te como
todas y la tiene su su vida y su bahas
de repente a lo que lo bueno de terminar
por ejemplo es que volver a casa de cho
KO SI tiene be a role model okay na
chose y lo malo es terminar una gira que
dentro de todo es una experiencia tante
guerra por qué dijo que se siente hace
la gente y puede terminar una gira
ultimo que her own si recuerdan
solamente didn't repent a la cosa Buena
las cosas malas y que la I Sonia facil y
la vida y la segunda la una pregunta que
near meh simpatico a de lobos y hay que
todos y todo buen Tonito llegue y ya
know so funny y cerrar